Update landing-zone-deploy.md (#4016)
MicrosoftDocs/architecture-center: docs/landing-zones/landing-zone-deploy.md

| [Azure Virtual Desktop Landing Zone Accelerator](/azure/cloud-adoption-framework/scenarios/wvd/enterprise-scale-landing-zone) | ARM, Bicep, and Terraform templates that accelerate Azure Virtual Desktop deployments, including creation of host pools, networking, storage, monitoring and add-ons. |
| [Azure Red Hat OpenShift landing zone accelerator](/azure/cloud-adoption-framework/scenarios/app-platform/azure-red-hat-openshift/landing-zone-accelerator) | An open source collection of Terraform templates that represent an optimal Azure Red Hat OpenShift (ARO) deployment that is comprised of both Azure and Red Hat resources. |
| [Azure Arc landing zone accelerator for hybrid and multicloud](/azure/cloud-adoption-framework/scenarios/hybrid/enterprise-scale-landing-zone) | Arc enabled Servers, Kubernetes, and Arc-enabled SQL Managed Instance see the Jumpstart ArcBox overview. |

> | [Azure Spring Apps landing zone accelerator](/azure/cloud-adoption-framework/scenarios/app-platform/spring-apps/landing-zone-accelerator) | Azure Spring Apps landing zone accelerator is intended for an application team that are building and deploying Spring Boot applications in a typical landing enterprise zone design. As the workload owner, use architectural guidance provided in this accelerator to achieve your target technical state with confidence. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Azure Spring Apps landing zone accelerator](/azure/cloud-adoption-framework/scenarios/app-platform/spring-apps/landing-zone-accelerator) | Azure Spring Apps landing zone accelerator is intended for an application team that is building and deploying Spring Boot applications in a typical landing enterprise zone design. As the workload owner, use architectural guidance provided in this accelerator to achieve your target technical state with confidence. |

```

> | [Azure Spring Apps landing zone accelerator](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cloud-adoption-framework/scenarios/app-platform/spring-apps/landing-zone-accelerator) | Azure Spring Apps landing zone accelerator is intended for an application team that's building and deploying Spring Boot applications in a typical enterprise landing zone design. As the workload owner, use architectural guidance provided in this accelerator to achieve your target technical state with confidence. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [Azure Spring Apps landing zone accelerator](/azure/cloud-adoption-framework/scenarios/app-platform/spring-apps/landing-zone-accelerator) | Azure Spring Apps landing zone accelerator is intended for an application team that are building and deploying Spring Boot applications in a typical landing enterprise zone design. As the workload owner, use architectural guidance provided in this accelerator to achieve your target technical state with confidence. |
```
